"Any computer is a laptop if you are brave enough" - anonymous
"No good deed goes unpunished" - anonymous
"Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet and turn again and rend you" - Jesus of Nazareth
“I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly.” - Sir Winston Churchill
“Never, never, never give up. “ - Sir Winston Churchill
“The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.”- Sir Winston Churchill
“We shall defend our island, whatever the cost may be, we shall fight on the beaches, we shall fight on the landing grounds, we shall fight in the fields and in the streets, we shall fight in the hills; we shall never surrender.” - Sir Winston Churchill “Fight on the Beaches” speech
“Be not simply good - be good for something.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Truths and roses have thorns about them.” - Henry David Thoreau
“The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75.“ - Benjamin Franklin
“They who can give up essential liberty to obtain a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.” - Benjamin Franklin
“Rebellion against tyrants is obedience to God.” - Benjamin Franklin
“Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech.” - Benjamin Franklin
“I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.” - Thomas Jefferson
“The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants.” - Thomas Jefferson
“For a people who are free, and who mean to remain so, a well-organized and armed militia is their best security.” - Thomas Jefferson
“The condition of man... is a condition of war of everyone against everyone.” - Thomas Hobbes
“Happiness is secured through virtue; it is a good attained by man's own will.” - Thomas Aquinas
“By nature all men are equal in liberty, but not in other endowments.” - Thomas Aquinas
“How can we live in harmony? First we need to know we are all madly in love with the same God.” - Thomas Aquinas
“Man, when you lose your laugh you lose your footing.” - Ken Kesey
“People don't want other people to get high, because if you get high, you might see the falsity of the fabric of the society we live in.” - Ken Kesey
“If you think in terms of a year, plant a seed; if in terms of ten years, plant trees; if in terms of 100 years, teach the people.” - Confucious
“Love is a serious mental disease.” - Plato
“There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.” - Plato
“The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.” - Socrates
“By all means marry: if you get a good wife, you’ll become happy; if you get a bad one, you’ll become a philosopher.” - Socrates
“When I despair, I remember that all through history the ways of truth and love have always won. There have been tyrants, and murderers, and for a time they can seem invincible, but in the end they always fall. Think of it - always.” - Mahatma Gandhi
“Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it's time to pause and reflect.” - Mark Twain
“A patriot is mocked, scorned and hated; yet when his cause succeeds, all men will join him, for then it costs nothing to be a patriot.” - Mark Twain
“There are lies, damned lies, and statistics.” - Mark Twain
“A man who carries a cat by the tail learns something he can learn in no other way.” - Mark Twain
“If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.” - Mark Twain
“Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
“Government is not reason, it is not eloquence, it is force; like fire, a troublesome servant and a fearful master. Never for a moment should it be left to irresponsible action.” - George Washington
“Differences in political opinion are as unavoidable as, to a certain point, they may perhaps be necessary.” - George Washington
“The sacred rights of mankind are not to be rummaged for among old parchments or musty records. They are written, as with a sunbeam, in the whole volume of human nature, by the hand of the divinity itself; and can never be erased or obscured by mortal power.” - Alexander Hamilton
“What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.” - Cicero
“I am become death, the destroyer of worlds.” - J. Robert Oppenheimer
“Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.” - Steve Jobs
“When you're a carpenter making a beautiful chest of drawers, you're not going to use a piece of plywood on the back, even though it faces the wall and nobody will ever see it. You'll know it's there, so you're going to use a beautiful piece of wood on the back.”
“Sharing is good, and with digital technology, sharing is easy.” - Richard Stallman
“If programmers deserve to be rewarded for creating innovative programs, by the same token they deserve to be punished if they restrict the use of these programs.” - Richard Stallman
“Cynic, n: a blackguard whose faulty vision sees things as they are, not as they ought to be.” - Ambrose Bierce, The Devil’s Dictionary
“There are four kinds of Homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and praiseworthy.” - Ambrose Bierce
“Turn on, Tune in, Drop out.” - Timothy Leary
“In the information age, you don't teach philosophy as they did after feudalism. You perform it. If Aristotle were alive today he'd have a talk show.” - Timothy Leary
“If you want total security, go to prison. There you're fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom.” - Dwight D. Eisenhower
“Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory.” - George S. Patton
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Confucius
"And on the pedestal these words appear: 'My name is Ozymandias, king of kings: Look on my works, ye Mighty, and despair!' Nothing beside remains." - Percy Bysshe Shelley
"It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried." - Winston Churchill
"Never trust a computer you can't throw out a window." - Steve Wozniak
"Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws." - Douglas Adams
"When you find yourself in a hole, quit digging." - Will Rogers
“The good thing about computers is that they do what you tell them to do. The bad news is that they do what you tell them to do.” – Ted Nelson
“To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer.” – Paul R. Ehrlich
“Normal people … believe that if it ain’t broke, don’t fix it. Engineers believe that if it ain’t broke, it doesn’t have enough features yet.” – Scott Adams
“All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy. That's how far the world is from where I am. Just one bad day.” ― The Joker, Batman: The Killing Joke by Alan Moore
"Useless laws weaken necessary laws" - Charles de Montesquieu
"The tyranny of a prince in an oligarchy is not so dangerous to the public welfare as the apathy of a citizen in a democracy." - Charles de Montesquieu
"Words are loaded pistols" - Jean Sartre
"Patience is bitter but it's fruit is sweet" - Jean Jaques Rousseau
"No man has any natural authority over his fellow man" - Jean Jaques Rousseau
"Let every nation know, whether it wishes us well or ill, that we shall pay any price, bear any burden, meet any hardship, support any friend, oppose any foe to assure the survival and the success of liberty." - John F. Kennedy
"Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude." - Alexis de Tocqueville
"I had reasoned this out in my mind, there was one of two things I had a right to, liberty or death; if I could not have one, I would have the other." - Harriet Tubman
"Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take, but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!" - Patrick Henry
"Left-wing politicians take away your liberty in the name of children and of fighting poverty, while right-wing politicians do it in the name of family values and fighting drugs. Either way, government gets bigger and you become less free." - Harry Browne
"'Emergencies' have always been the pretext on which the safeguards of individual liberty have been eroded." - Friedrich August von Hayek
"Some people are born mediocre, some people achieve mediocrity, and some people have mediocrity thrust upon them." - Joseph Heller, Catch-22
"Why not whip the teacher when the pupil misbehaves?" - Diogenes
"No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens." - Abraham Lincoln

